hello and welcome to movie spoiler
alerts today we're gonna be spoiling the
2001 film Jurassic Park 3 so let's get
started the film opens on to tourists
Ben Hildebrand
and Eric Kirby who are parasailing
around the dinosaur island of Isla Sorna
the island from the second film their
boat is attacked and everyone aboard is
killed while Ben and Eric are still
parasailing they detach from the boat
and sail into the island the movie
shifts to showing several of the
characters from the first film including
dr. grant who is famous for the events
taking place in the original Jurassic
Park as well as dr. Sattler who is
married and has two children
dr. grant and his assistant Billy
Brennan are hired by a wealthy couple
Paul and Amanda Kirby to get an aerial
tour of Isla Sorna the Kirby's tricked
the team though and they are actually a
divorced couple and they intend to
actually land on the island to save Ben
Amanda's boyfriend and Eric the Kirby's
son grant attempts to protest but the
Kirby's hired mercenaries knock him out
after a rough landing involving both an
attack from a Spinosaurus and a t-rex
the remaining survivors escape to search
for Ben and Eric they find the parasail
in a tree where they also find some
Raptor eggs causing them to flee they
run and hide in an abandoned engine
compound where they are pursued by
rafters and other dinosaurs and a few of
the members of the group are picked off
dr. grant ends up finding Eric the
Kirby's son holding out in a pseudo
bunker
however Amanda's boyfriend Ben was not
so lucky
grant starts to believe that the raptors
are actually searching for something and
later on discovers that his assistant
Billy actually sold some of the Raptor
eggs and that's why the Raptors are so
viciously pursuing them the group
mistakenly enters into the Pteranodons
house which attacked the group and
Erika's picked up and carried away Billy
saves Eric by using the parasail however
Billy himself is attacked by the aterna
Don's the group escapes the Pteranodons
house only to leave the door open by
mistake they escaped down the river
using a small boat that they had found
they find a ringing phone that they had
lost much earlier in the movie
after the spinosaurus ate it and pick it
up in order to contact dialer Saddler
however the spinosaurus comes back
attacks the boat which is eventually
scared off after the boats fuel is set
on fire eventually they make it to shore
only to be surrounded by raptors still
wanting their eggs back doctor grant has
a man to return the eggs to them while
using a raptor Alera NEX that he had 3d
printed to try to sort of communicate
with the pack when they run to the coast
they find that the US Marines and Navy
have arrived to help them they also find
that Billy survived the Terra Don attack
but is very injured the film comes to an
end and we see the group leaving the
island only to see Terra Don's flying
free most likely looking for new nesting
ground so that's the spoilers for
Jurassic Park 3 if you have a film you'd
like to see the spoilers for please let
me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media listed
below and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching